well everyone donate from squad up
before I show you the video so if the
lack of upload has been really busy I've
got exams coming up it really big mocks
but anyway this was just a test what I
was doing but I probably will implant
this in from a from a good from since
many people been asking for it I
combined a lot of mods I'm gonna make
the die rise with these monsters I think
as well as a separate download you can
do with vanilla or what i would do to
save people from installing it i'll let
put the minecraft like bin folder and
all that like the actual got minecraft
folder with the world folder in the
future so they can just drag it in and i
can they have all the stuff straight
away but um yeah this was just testing a
few stuff in the game it looks really
cool in my opinion I've got a lot of
other stuff coming as well and then yeah
let me know what you guys think in the
comments and yeah should I carry a nurse
or not I'll let you watch the video now
Cheers
you